feat(metrics): improve ebpf map operations and utilization metrics (#472)
elastiflow/mermin: docs/configuration/reference/flow-processing-pipeline.md

- `flow_stats_capacity` attribute

>   Max capacity (upper bound) for the `FLOW_STATS` eBPF map. The map is created with this fixed `max_entries` at program load time and does not grow or shrink at runtime; once full, new kernel-side inserts silently fail. See [eBPF Programs](../../concepts/agent-architecture.md#ebpf-programs) in the architecture documentation for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The max amount of entries within `FLOW_STATS` eBPF map. The map is created with this fixed capacity at program load time and does not grow or shrink at runtime; once full, new entry inserts attempts are dropped. See [eBPF Programs](../../concepts/agent-architecture.md#ebpf-programs) in the architecture documentation for more information.
```
